# Privacy Policy for owlcms

Last updated: January 03, 2024

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights.

## Context

The information we collect falls under the Legitimate Usage clause of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and similar legislations. In fact, since we do *not* associate the information we gather with identifiable persons, so technically we would fall outside the scope of these laws, and the current policy would be unnecessary.  

But given the limited number of weightlifting clubs, even knowing the general geographic area can allow the inference of the identity, so we wrote this policy as if we were, in fact, doing the association with a person.

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
- **Affiliate** means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
- **Application** refers to owlcms, the software program provided by the Company.
- **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Jean-François Lamy, resident of Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
- **Country** refers to: Quebec, Canada
- **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- **Service** refers to the Application.  This includes both installations on your own laptops, or use through a cloud service.
- **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
- **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

### Types of Data Collected

#### Usage Data

**USAGE DATA IS THE ONLY INFORMATION COLLECTED.**

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), the pages of our Service that You visit, the features you are using, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages and other diagnostic data.

- the IP address that is obtained is the public address provided by your internet provider.  
- This IP address is mapped to your city or a similar geographical district.  As such, the information does not directly identify you, but could be used to infer your identity when combined with other sources of information.
- We do NOT collect the actual location from which you are using the Application. This information is available to the browser, and requires an explicit authorization which you would see.  We do NOT request that information.

### Use of Usage Data

The main purpose in collecting Usage Data is to track where the application is used, worldwide, and what versions are in use.

The Company may use Usage Data for the following purposes:

- **To provide and maintain our Service**, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
- **To prioritize development efforts**, by understanding what features are being used. We do not currently track feature use, but we may at a future date.
- **For other purposes**: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.

We may share Usage Data in the following situations:

- **For business transfers:** We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.
- **With business partners:** We may share Your information with Our business partners for them to understand application usage
- **With Your consent**: We may eventually disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.

### Retention of Your Usage Data

The Company will retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service.

### Transfer of Usage Data

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

### Deletion of Your Usage Data

You have the right to delete or request that We assist in deleting the Personal Data that We have collected about You.

Our Service may give You the ability to delete certain information about You from within the Service.

You may update, amend, or delete Your information at any time by signing in to Your Account, if you have one, and visiting the account settings section that allows you to manage Your personal information. You may also contact Us to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that You have provided to Us.

Please note, however, that We may need to retain certain information when we have a legal obligation or lawful basis to do so.

### Disclosure of Your Usage Data

#### Business Transactions

If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Usage Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

#### Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Usage Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

#### Other legal requirements

The Company may disclose Your Usage Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- Comply with a legal obligation
- Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
- Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
- Protect against legal liability

### Security of Your Usage Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

## Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

- By email: jf@jflamy.dev

Generated using [Privacy Policies Generator](https://www.privacypolicies.com/privacy-policy-generator/)