# Running a Virtual Competition on Zoom

## Preparing

1. Zoom is a widely available well-known software with the required features to hold a meet virtually.  You will need a license for Zoom, since meets last longer than the 40 minutes free version. 
2. You should set up different meetings in advance in Zoom for the weigh-ins and for the competition groups, since weigh-ins overlap with sessions. 
   - If you anticipate that the schedule will be hard to keep, it may be a good idea to schedule individual meetings for each group, to avoid people coming in prematurely to the waiting room when a session has not ended.
3. Send the following directives to each participating team:
   1. A phone or laptop with Zoom must be set up to show the platform.  The video should be in <u>horizontal</u> mode , and from far enough to see the barbell with the completely extended arms and see the complete platform width.
   2. Ideally, a second device with a keyboard, such as a laptop, is used to also connect to Zoom and type weight declarations and changes.
   3. There are two options for looking at the scoreboard
      1. The most convenient option is to open the web page for publicresults on the laptop used to type in the changes, or on a phone or tablet.
      2. The second option is to use Zoom and to switch between watching the athletes and watching the scoreboard.  See  [User instructions for Zoom](4400UserInstructionsForZoom).

## Running

The following directives should be sent to each team participating

1. When connecting to the Zoom meeting for their competition group, each gym should rename their video session to the LAST NAME of each athlete present (separated by "/" if more than one)
2. **All** declarations and changes will be **sent by chat**, to <u>Everyone</u>, using the athlete's **LAST name and the requested weight**.
3. Each team must be available on Zoom <u>15 minutes before the start of group</u>. The technical controller will go through all the video setups and make sure that athletes and platforms are correctly visible.
4. Each gym is fully responsible for making sure that they are ready when the camera switches to their location. 
   1. The bar should already be loaded with the correct weight
   2. The bar should be angled 45 degrees such that the small plates and collar are visible to the camera.
   3. Meet-specific rules may state that time starts immediately when the athlete is called, since having the proper weight loaded is entirely under the control of the team. 
5. If you open a chat-only session for weight changes, it should be video off.  Only the lifting platform videos should be on.  Leave the lifting video platform on at all times please.  The other participants will not see it, and it is bothersome to have to remind the next athlete to turn on their video.
   - The host can hide non-video participants, leaving only the platforms and making athlete switching much easier
6. The two options for scoreboard need to be explained (using the publicresults web page or [User instructions for Zoom](4400UserInstructionsForZoom).)